readme: note some info on adding a task (#117)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: README.md

- `README.md`: A brief markdown file describing the task to be executed.
- `Validation.md`: A markdown file describing and justifying the expected state changes for manual validation by multisig signers.

> - `Script.s.sol`: A foundry script that implements post upgrade assertions.

Reviewer: We'd like to move away from code towards json spec files, so I'd like to use a more specific name to avoid the scope of this file from creeping overtime. 

```suggestion
- `Checks.s.sol`: A foundry script that implements post upgrade assertions.
```

Reviewer 2: What about even more specific with `PostCheck.s.sol` to match the function name being implemented?

Author: So the script will both sign and do the post check assertions because it inherits `SignFromJson`

Reviewer 2: We've ended up naming these based on the file it inherits from, either `SignFromJson.s.sol` or `NestedSignFromJson.s.sol`, so let's use that here also

Tenderly is used to simulate transactions.
If you don’t already have a Tenderly account, go to https://dashboard.tenderly.co/login and sign up.
The free account is sufficient.

## Creating a Task

Each task in the `tasks` directory should contain all of the information required to both validate
and perform the network interaction. To validate that the intention of the network interaction is
correct, specific contextual information must be included in `Validation.md` that enables signers

> to double check the correctness. This includes linking to authoritative sources such as the
> [superchain-registry](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry) or
> [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io) to prove the correctness of particular configuration values.

Reviewer: Adding the monorepo, as it is referenced by tag in governance proposals:

```suggestion
to double check the correctness. This includes linking to authoritative sources such as the
[superchain-registry](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry), the [Optimism monorepo](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism), and
[Etherscan](https://etherscan.io) to prove the correctness of particular configuration values.
```

Reviewer 2: We should be migrating away from using the monorepo as a source of truth for anything except bytecode validation, so I'd suggest linking to the governance forum here instead. And even for bytecode validation, the starting point would be a gov forum post, which then links to a release in the monorepo

Reviewer: The place I think we'll have the most difficulty avoiding the monorepo is for storage layout references which we do in various locations for some runbooks.

Reviewer 2: Yea I think storage layouts/snapshots are the only time we should need to reference it

Reviewer: OK. Please let me know how you think I should resolve this thread, and anything else for the PR itself.

The base scripts for performing network interactions found in the `script` directory should

> be inherited from with the `Script.s.sol` file where the `_postCheck` hook is implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be inherited from with the `Checks.s.sol` file where the `_postCheck` hook is implemented.
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops/pull/117/files#r1538081114

> This function should make assertions on the post state of the network interaction.

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
This function must make assertions on the post-transaction state of the network interaction.
```
